docs(cloud): add Deploy with GitHub section to Deploys page (#2762)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Cube-Cloud/Deploys.md

configured to deploy with Git. Then click **Generate Git credentials** to obtain
Git credentials:

<div
  style="text-align: center"
>
  <img
  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cube-js/cube.js/master/docs/content/Cube-Cloud/deploy-with-git-creds.png"
  style="border: none"
  width="100%"
  />
</div>

The instructions to set up Cube Cloud as a Git remote are also available on the
same screen:

```bash
$ git config credential.helper store
$ git remote add cubecloud <YOUR-CUBE-CLOUD-GIT-URL>
$ git push cubecloud master
```

## Deploy with GitHub

First, ensure your deployment is configured to deploy with Git. Then connect
your GitHub repository to your deployment by clicking the **Connect to GitHub**
button, and selecting your repository.

<div
  style="text-align: center"
>
  <img
  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cube-js/cube.js/master/docs/content/Cube-Cloud/deploy-with-github.png"
  style="border: none"
  width="100%"
  />
</div>

Cube Cloud will automatically deploy from the specified production branch
(**master** by default).

## Deploy with CLI

You can use the CLI to set up continuous deployment for a Git repository. You

> can also use the CLI to manual deploys changes without continuous deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also use the CLI to manually deploy changes without continuous deployment.
```

You can use Cube.js CLI with your continuous integration tool.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[[info |]]

> | You can use `CUBE_CLOUD_DEPLOY_AUTH` environment variable to pass the Cube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You can use the `CUBE_CLOUD_DEPLOY_AUTH` environment variable to pass the Cube
```
